# Overledger 
Gilbert Verdian, Paolo Tasca, Colin Paterson, Gaetano Mondelli  
 
The traditional Internet architecture has not yet achieved its vision of an open, trusted and secure network. The technology of distributed ledger technologies (DLT) and their broad range of applications across finance, healthcare, supply-chain and many other sectors is an opportunity for the Internet to adapt and honour what was originally envisaged and reach its potential as a decentralized network of networks. While providing a broad range of benefits, the fast-paced environment of DLTs lack seamless intercommunicability internally among ledgers and externally with existing networks. This limitation forces distributed applications to be single-ledger-dependent, i.e. limited to be only executed on a single ledger. From a technology perspective, the fact that distributed or decentralized applications are single ledgerdependent, makes it difficult to choose the appropriate DLT that is fit for purpose and meets technical and business requirements when considering DLTs for decentralized applications. This technical dependency slows down mass-adoption, it limits scope, it impedes scalability of new features and it reduces the necessary controls required for data security and privacy. From a business perspective, a single-ledger DLT application increases the amount of risk, complexity and effort to adopt multiple DLT technologies, in many cases duplicating resources and investment to use multiple chains. Enterprises are forced to accept financial risk due to a monopolistic approach to DLT fees by limiting options to manage fees and transaction costs. All the challenges listed limit the widespread adoption and critical mass of users. This paper proposes a solution to the problem of single-ledger dependency, by introducing a new technology for the design, deployment and execution of multi-ledger decentralized applications. This technology is called Overledger. 
 
 
